List of Errors:

In index.html:
1 - moved script tag to end of body
2 - changed round two legend to say Round Two instead of Round One

In trivia.js:
3 - Line 19:
    There was a typo in document.getElementById('round-two') (forgot the 'w')
4 - Line 34:
    Changed FinalScore from constant to variable by changing const to let because it needs to mutable
5 - Line 48:
    Constants must be initalized. By making the line const score = 0, it fixes the error.
6 - Line 48:
    Changed score from constant to variable by changing const to let because it needs to mutable
7 - Line 92: 
    Changed the for loop to iterate through roundTwoQuestions.length instead of roundTwoQuestions.size.
    The .size property does not exist for arrays in JS.
8 - Line 97:
    Changed === to == because === checks both the value and the type. 
    Using === will always fail because the string isn't equal to the int.
9 - Line 106: 
    This text is written within single quotes; however, when you use you're it closes the string. 
    There are two fixes I can think of, one is using "double quotes," the other is using a \ before the ' in you're. 
    IE you\'re  
10 - Line 144:
    Changed sum from constant to variable by changing const to let because it needs to mutable

Write Up:
    Line 1 is creating a constant form with the form element from the DOM
    Lines 3-4 are creating constants by selecting elements with the DOM by element id.
    Lines 5-16 are creating the roundOneQuestions array that has an input, reaction, and an answer for two questions.
    Lines 18-19 are creating constants by selecting elements with the DOM by element id.
    Lines 20-31 are creating the roundTwoQuestions array that has an input, reaction, and an answer for two questions.
    Lines 33-36 are creating a constant for a finish button and a score array and a variable for the final score.
    Line 40 starts the function start game which unhides round one and hides the start button.
    Lines 41-68:
        It then iterates through the round one questions array through a for loop.
        It creates a function for answerQuestion that determines 
            if the input value is equal to the answer then score = 1, the reaction text says Congrats, adds the correct class to the question, and removes the incorrect class (ie toggles CSS classes for visual feedback).
            if the value does not equal the answer then score = 1, the reaction text says Congrats, adds the incorrect class to the question, and removes the correct class (ie toggles CSS classes for visual feedback).
        Then it either pushes the score onto the scores array or replaces the existing score at the current index, based on the length of the scores array
    Lines 70-75 uses an event listener to trigger the answerQuestion function whenever the value of the input changes. Then it removes the change event listener as a cleanup function.
    Line 77 submits using the form to go to the next round.

    Lines 80-128 basically just does the same thing as 40-80 just for roundTwo instead of roundOne adjusted accordingly. 
        This function also ensures that all first-round questions are deactivated before beginning round two
    Line 130 starts the finish game function after submitting finish game to the form by the user hitting the button.
    Lines 133-137 adds the number of total scores from round one and round two to a constant
    Lines 141-142 removes the finish button after the user presses it and adds the final score
    Lines 144-147 adds the number of correct scores to get a total sum.
    Line 149 prints how many points the user got correct out of total possible points.

